The next thing we're going to fix inside of our ticketing service is our test suite.
We spent a pretty good amount of time writing out some tests out of all of our different route handlers.
But if we run our test suite right now, we're going to see that just about all of them are failing.
So I'm going to go back over my terminal inside of my tickets service.
I'll do an RPM run test to run all my tests.
And then after a very brief warm up period, we will see.
There we go.
A ton of failures.
Though it looks like the vast majority of these failures are being caused by an access Nats client before
connecting.
There are some others inside of here around Mongoose Air, but let me just tell you right now, these
are essentially being thrown because of the failed Nats client stuff.
So this all started to fail once we added in the event publishing.
Why is it failing?
Well, it's pretty straightforward.
So whenever we are running our application, like inside of our development Kubernetes cluster, we've
got our new ticket handler or the update ticket root handler.
And inside of those, we've got a publisher.
The publishers need a Nats client whenever they get created.
So we have some way of actually publishing an event when running our application.
Normally we have that other Nats wrapper file.
Inside there is the Nats wrapper Singleton.
And inside of that, we have our pre initialized Nats client.
So we take that initialize Nats client, we throw it into the publisher and everything works as expected.
But in our test environment, well, not quite so nice in our test environment.
At no point in time do we actually initialize the Nat's client.
So it is not initialized.
We have not created a Nats client inside of that Nats wrapper, Singleton.
However, we still import that thing over into the ticket created publisher.
We provide it and eventually when our publisher tries to access that client, we throw that nasty error
message that says.
Right here.
Cannot access Nat's client before connecting.
So how are you going to fix this?
There's definitely two approaches we can take.
We can either try to have our test environment actually connect to our net server.
That's not super ideal because we don't really want to assume that we always have some running at Nats
event bus whenever we are trying to run our tests.
That would require us to always be running some copy of Nats on our local machine or some other mechanism
to run it.
So not super ideal.
Maybe there's another way to handle this, and naturally there is.
But here's what we're going to do.
We're going to use a fancy little feature inside of jest.
You might recall that jest is our test runner just as what we are actually running when we execute our
tests inside the terminal, when we execute our tests.
We are using the jest test runner and there is also the Jest library running inside of our test suite
as well.
Just as a fancy little feature, we essentially redirect import statements while we are running our
application in the test environment.
So at some point in time, our new ticket handler attempts to import the Nats wrapper file.
That's kind of represented by this little white box right here.
We're going to get just to intercept that import statement.
It's going to see that this file is trying to import the real Nats wrapper and we're going to instead
have just kind of redirect that import statement and import a fake copy of the Nats wrapper instead.
And inside there we will have a fake initialized Nats client.
Now when I say fake initialized nets client, I really do mean fake.
We're not going to actually connect to the net server or anything like that.
We're going to instead kind of trick everything into thinking that this is a real Nets client, but
in fact not real at all.
That's the general idea.
At this point, it seems a little bit weird, I'm sure, but it turns out that the code we have to write
out to actually implement this stuff is pretty straightforward.
Let's take a pause right here and figure out how to put this stuff together in the next video.